Hello everyone,

This a demo video for my Table Tennis Management system.
First thing first, this system can be used for any kind of one-to-one sports/competitions where users are ranked using Elo system.
Here is the index page where user chooses to either sign up or login.
Lets pretend we are new here and sign up.
We will need a nickname, email, phone number and password to sign up. The password will be securely hashed for database storage. Press Enter and lets check how our backend sqlite database looks like.
Here you can see I added new user to the database and the password is hashed.
Lets login using new user credentials. As you can see we have a straightforward user dashboard that shows user ranking, possible future booking dates (randomly selected to be Tuesdays and Thursdays only) and user bookings that user may choose to cancel.
Lets make a booking and pay for it using a credit card. I am using Stripe test credit card number here.
OK, it went through and we can see a friendly message that provides user with information on which date the booking was made on and whether the payment went through. Now lets take a look at our backend sqlite database: both booking and payment tables. As you can see there is a new booking and a new complete payment record for that booking.
Now lets try to cancel a booking. As you can see, we get a message that the refund is not available for this cancellation as the time difference is less than 24hrs. Lets take a look at the database, both booking and payment are gone. If the time difference is more than 24hrs, Stripe will issue a refund to this user.
OK, lets logout and login as admin. As you can see we have here a straightforward admin dashboard with four slots for four tennis tables. My system already pulled out information for the bookings made for the next available game day, pre-matched players based on their ELO rankings and created match events between those players. Admin may enter match results, choose players ad-hoc and cycle through the matches created by system (if there are more than 4 matches planned for the day). Lets try all these options. First, lets enter match results for these two players. Lets take a look at the database records. As you can see we have a new match record. Lets go back and try to choose our players ad-hoc.
It is done and now their match results might be recorded in database. 
Now lets cycle through the preplanned matches for today. You can see a friendly message when there are no more pre-planned matches, admin will have to choose players ad-hoc (which is useful when players want to play more games).
A couple of things to remember:
*you need to schedule daily ranking updates via Windows Task Scheduler for example
*please don't forget to replace Stripe test API key with the real API key to ensure real-time payments happen seamlessly.